Initial setup of training template changes with two training sessions… (#316)
openfisca/openfisca-doc: source/training/index.md

# <i icon-name="book"></i> Training Materials

```{toctree}
:hidden:

kickoff
session1
session2
session3
session4
session5
session6
session7
session8
session9
```

> The following training materials were originally developed with funding under the EU Govtech4all program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following training materials were developed with co-funding from the French government’s DINUM and the European Commission under the [GovTech4All](https://interoperable-europe.ec.europa.eu/collection/govtechconnect/govtech4all) program.
```

+ please add the “Co-funded by the European Union” [logo](https://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/information-sources/logo-download-center_en) and the [DINUM logo](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fichier:Logo_DINUM_2020_RVB.png)

Author: Please check https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-doc/pull/316/commits/1915f2746d5b31462835484c04b7ce4df2bba750

> They are intended for reuse and/or adaption in future training situations.
> 
> Along with the training materials are the individual graphics/assets required for extending the slides while preserving the OpenFisca brand.
> 

Reviewer: Not sure this adds much value to the end user 🙂  most likely it will stay like this for a long time and people will be happy to have access to it! Let's not diminish its value as is.

```suggestion
```
